[ONEROSTER-46] Update jwt validation (#492)
Ed-Fi-Alliance-OSS/ed-fi-alliance-oss.github.io: docs/reference/11-oneroster/configuration/oauth-and-jwt.md

Reviewer: I think this section can be removed.

{

>   "iss": "https://api.example.org/oauth",

Reviewer: Should this be 
```suggestion
  "iss": "https://api.example.org",
```

| Scope | Grants read access to |
| --- | --- |
| `https://purl.imsglobal.org/spec/or/v1p2/scope/roster-core.readonly` | `academicSessions`, `classes`, `courses`, `enrollments`, `orgs`, `schools`, `terms`, `gradingPeriods`, and the non-demographic fields of `users`, `students`, and `teachers` |
| `https://purl.imsglobal.org/spec/or/v1p2/scope/roster-demographics.readonly` | The `/demographics` endpoint |

> | `roster.readonly` | All of the above. Equivalent to both `roster-core.readonly` except `roster-demographics.readonly`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `roster.readonly` | Same access as `roster-core.readonly` except `roster-demographics.readonly`. Per OneRoster v1.2 spec §4.3.3, this scope does not grant access to demographics. |
```
